README.md, before:


# DS Gadget
A multi-purpose testing tool for Dark Souls 1. This program is only compatible with the current Steam version of DS1.
Requires [.NET 4.6.2](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/thank-you/net462)

# Changelog
### 1.6
* Added new hotkeys: Quit to Menu, Move Up, Move Down, Toggle No Death
* Option to store HP with position now includes stamina and death cam state
* Said option is now in the Players tab where it should have been anyways
* Closing the app should no longer require quitting and loading to completely clear modifications
* Fix no death and speed being overwritten in some cases (heck off Manus)
* Fix crash if not connected to internet

### 1.5
* Camera state is now stored along with position
* Fixed body type being overwritten

### 1.4
* HP can now be edited
* Added option to store and restore HP along with position (ur welcome Milt :V)
* Fixed missing bonfire ID for Seath's prison (again)

### 1.3
* Hotkeys can be globally enabled or disabled
* Hotkeys can be passed to the game as well or not
* Hotkeys can be unbound with escape
* Cheats have tooltips now
* Fixed filter turning on when you close the app

### 1.2
* Permanent changes are now cleaned up on app exit; quit out to clear the rest
* App indicates if there's an update available
* Window position is saved
* Settings actually work now
* Ambiguous items like Firekeeper Souls are no longer ambiguous

### 1.1
* Fixed maxing your stats against your will

### 1.0
* Reorganized and expanded cheats
* Added phantom and team type
* Added missing Painted World respawn

# Credits
[Wulf's Dark Souls Gizmo](https://github.com/Wulf2k/DaS-PC-Overlay) by Wulf2k

[Fasm.NET](https://github.com/ZenLulz/Fasm.NET) by Jämes Ménétrey

[LowLevelHooking](https://github.com/jnm2/LowLevelHooking) by Joseph N. Musser II

[Octokit](https://github.com/octokit/octokit.net) by GitHub

[Semver](https://github.com/maxhauser/semver) by Max Hauser

Commit message:

Fix item drop for debug VC redist 2012 link in readmes

README.md, after:


# DS Gadget
A multi-purpose testing tool for Dark Souls 1. This program is only compatible with the current Steam version of DS1.  
Requires [.NET 4.6.2](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/thank-you/net462) and [VC Redist 2012 x86](https://my.visualstudio.com/Downloads?pid=1452)  
You probably already have both.

# Changelog
### 1.6
* Added new hotkeys: Quit to Menu, Move Up, Move Down, Toggle No Death
* Option to store HP with position now includes stamina and death cam state
* Said option is now in the Players tab where it should have been anyways
* Closing the app should no longer require quitting and loading to completely clear modifications
* Fix no death and speed being overwritten in some cases (heck off Manus)
* Fix crash if not connected to internet

### 1.5
* Camera state is now stored along with position
* Fixed body type being overwritten

### 1.4
* HP can now be edited
* Added option to store and restore HP along with position (ur welcome Milt :V)
* Fixed missing bonfire ID for Seath's prison (again)

### 1.3
* Hotkeys can be globally enabled or disabled
* Hotkeys can be passed to the game as well or not
* Hotkeys can be unbound with escape
* Cheats have tooltips now
* Fixed filter turning on when you close the app

### 1.2
* Permanent changes are now cleaned up on app exit; quit out to clear the rest
* App indicates if there's an update available
* Window position is saved
* Settings actually work now
* Ambiguous items like Firekeeper Souls are no longer ambiguous

### 1.1
* Fixed maxing your stats against your will

### 1.0
* Reorganized and expanded cheats
* Added phantom and team type
* Added missing Painted World respawn

# Credits
[Wulf's Dark Souls Gizmo](https://github.com/Wulf2k/DaS-PC-Overlay) by Wulf2k

[Fasm.NET](https://github.com/ZenLulz/Fasm.NET) by Jämes Ménétrey

[LowLevelHooking](https://github.com/jnm2/LowLevelHooking) by Joseph N. Musser II

[Octokit](https://github.com/octokit/octokit.net) by GitHub

[Semver](https://github.com/maxhauser/semver) by Max Hauser
